README.md, before:

# Template project

# Introduction

This template project can be used a the basis for building a course or
alternatively, to create a multi-step demo of an application or software
module.

It has the following projects defined:

- **project_template**
  This is the 'base' project that aggregates all other projects in the build.
  Customize the name in build.sbt to your needs.

- **common**
  This project contains 'common' code: it will be visible by all other projects.

- **exercise_000_*** and **exercise_001_***
  These are two sample projects (which depend on `common`)
  
# Documentation

For more detailed information on how to use this template, the recommended workflow to maintain and evolve a training course, please refer to https://github.com/lightbend-training/course-management-tools

# License & Support

Copyright © 2016 Lightbend, Inc. This software is provided under the Apache 2.0 license.

**NO COMMERCIAL SUPPORT OR ANY OTHER FORM OF SUPPORT IS OFFERED ON THIS SOFTWARE BY LIGHTBEND, Inc.**

Commit message:

removed /target dirs and updated lifecycle example

README.md, after:

# Template project

# Introduction

This project provides a set of excercises which take you step-by-step from being completely unfamiliar with Akka to understanding how to use the common features of the toolkit.

It has the following projects defined:

- **common**
  This project contains 'common' code: it will be visible by all other projects.

- **exercise_000_the_actor_system**
  Creating an ActorSystem, an Actor and sending a message to the Actor.
  
- **exercise_001_the_actor_lifecycle**
  How the lifecycle methods of an Actor are invoked and the different methods of stopping an Actor.
  
- **exercise_002_actor_supervision**
  How actors supervise their children and how to implement a custom SupervisionStrategy.
  
# Documentation

For more detailed information on how to use this template, the recommended workflow to maintain and evolve a training course, please refer to https://github.com/lightbend-training/course-management-tools

# License & Support

Copyright © 2018 Trevor Burton-McCreadie. This software is provided under the Apache 2.0 license.

**NO COMMERCIAL SUPPORT OR ANY OTHER FORM OF SUPPORT IS OFFERED ON THIS SOFTWARE BY LIGHTBEND, Inc.**
